here's the plan we're gonna take this
bus downtown and then from that point
we'll get off and walk through the
center of town so you guys get a chance
to see the center of San Jose and then
after that what we're going to do is
head down to the marketplace which is
the typical marketplace for Costa Rica
and go into the marketplace buy some
fruits and have a little snacky type
breakfast
you guys cannot stand in between this
thing right there the first time I got
on the pumps if you lose these little
sensors if you go past this line like
the century goes off and I did that my
accent like pork loin and the people got
really upset they're like green girls
and like it was really embarrassing at
first
it's kind of the whirlwind tour through
San Jose going to the Central Market
going to the fruit stands walking around
having them see you know a taste of the
poverty a taste of a different style of
living here it's kind of for the culture
shock purpose you know like boom check
it out you're in Latin America like what
are you gonna do about it
I remember Luna and Sol saying don't
think all of San Jose and Costa Rica are
like this and I was going this is nice
compared to Detroit
I was really skeptical about trying any
fruits because they were just like the
ones that I did try they were just like
really disgusting
I've never tasted a Costa Rican bingo is
the best thing I've ever had I just dug
in doing it I didn't care all over my
face is so good
eat a mango on the street and be covered
in juice and get dirty and wipe your
hands on your shorts oh we don't care
cuz you know what those are the same
shorts you're wearing for the next three
weeks haha thank you here was a lot of
different proof and a lot of them were
pretty good but I was really cautious
about how much I ate of which one it's
not one really bitter or somewhere
really sour and so we're just sticky
I think it's a neat experience to be
able to look live was a different
culture because it gives you a different
taste other than your lifestyle one of
the objectives of our bound is to teach
people about themselves by stepping
outside of your own culture you can get
a different perspective of your own life
pretty disgusting freak oh I've never
seen a slab of meat that big before they
have markets like that at all where I
live has many supermarkets like you do
at home if you're going out to do your
shopping you come to a place like this
you swing by the vegetable stand you
swing by the fish standing
big sale it's not like at home
everything's not wrapped in styrofoam
packaging everything isn't pretty like
there's no label on it it's sitting out
on the counter and that's that's the
reality of these people's lives
coming up on Discovery Kids outward bath
it's goodbye city and hello country as
all roads lead to the water white water
big white one